My grandmother didn't know you saved me.
You don't care about that dangerous quality of life-saving.
My old lady shouldn't have doubted you.
It's all a misunderstanding.
What misunderstanding?
You're welcome.
Ma'am, you're welcome, I'll be right there.
You saved me, and I still haven't thanked you.
Ma'am, I don't want to thank you for saving your life.
This doesn't need to be mentioned later.
I have an appointment with a friend.
Hurry and send it.
OK, then I'll send it.
Sorry for the first snow.
I don't know the day I will misunderstand your relationship with Tu Nien.
Lilin, you and I have been friends for so long.
Don't I know your personality?
What do you think Gu and I have? I see you have such a close relationship with Xu Nien.
I couldn't think more.
It was just an accident.
You look good and have the ability to work well.
Every day next to you.
I'm not as good as you.
There is no Nick left behind.
Mathematics. I love him so much.
I really have no way to think more.
Yeon-yeon, I promise you
This will never happen again.
I don't believe it.
First snow, we were best friends.
Resign for me.